Terms:

Declarative vs. imparative
declarative programming is telling what you want without the how, 
imperative is telling the compiler what you want step by step.

Construct:
Refers to an abstract way of describing something (namely, a loop) 
in terms of the syntax of that particular language. 
"Language construct" means "a way to do [something] with that language".

first class functions:
Values can be passed to a function, and the function will return a value. 
In JavaScript, functions are first-class objects, because they can have properties and methods just like any other object. 
What distinguishes them from other objects is that functions can be called. In brief, they are Function objects.

Canonical:
a canonical, normal, or standard form of a mathematical object is a standard way of presenting that object as a mathematical expression. 

Data structure:
A data structure is a specialized format for organizing and storing data. General data structure types include the array, the file, the record, the table, the tree, and so on. 
Any data structure is designed to organize data to suit a specific purpose so that it can be accessed and worked with in appropriate ways.

Functional Reacive Programming:
Functional reactive programming (FRP) is a programming paradigm for reactive programming (asynchronous dataflow programming) using the building blocks of functional programming (e.g. map, reduce, filter).

Javascript types:
What is meant by primitive value in Javascript?
In JavaScript there are 5 primitive types: undefined , null , boolean , string and number . 
Everything else is an object. The primitive types boolean, string and number can be wrapped by their object counterparts. 
These objects are instances of the Boolean , String and Number constructors respectively.

parallelism vs concurrency
parallelism are processes running at the same time (like multithreading).
Concurrency is the set up you do to deal with processes running at the same time.


Function
Object

primitive types:
Number
String
Boolean
Null
Undefined



Linear data structures:

Stack
Queue
Array
Linked List

Hiarchial Data Structures:

Tree
Graph
